Add Shared Object and Number Sequence Docs (#3763)
microsoft/FluidFramework: packages/dds/sequence/README.md

    },
]
```

# SharedObjectSequence and SharedNumberSequence

> Shared object sequence and share number sequence are very similar distrusted data structures. The only difference is their supported content. Shared number sequence only supports numbers as content, where shared object sequence supports any json serializable object. Both support inserting, removing, and annotating content. Each piece of content, number or object will occupy a single position in the sequence, and the length of the sequence represents to count of content items in the sequence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SharedObjectSequence and SharedNumberSequence are very similar distributed data structures. The only difference is the type of content they support. SharedNumberSequence only supports numbers as content, where SharedObjectSequence supports any JSON serializable object. Both DDSes support inserting, removing, and annotating content. Each piece of content -- that is, each number or object -- will occupy a single position in the sequence. The length of the sequence is the count of content items in the sequence.
```

> Shared object sequence and share number sequence are very similar distrusted data structures. The only difference is their supported content. Shared number sequence only supports numbers as content, where shared object sequence supports any json serializable object. Both support inserting, removing, and annotating content. Each piece of content, number or object will occupy a single position in the sequence, and the length of the sequence represents to count of content items in the sequence.

Reviewer: Is there ever a case in object sequence where the JSON object is "merged" with another JSON object? Or... is the merge logic higher level than the object itself? I guess from sequence's perspective all content within it is "content", and the merges far/near are at the content level.

Author: nope

Reviewer: Are annotates covered elsewhere already? And they're merged like map values, correct? LWW?

Author: annotation is covered in this document, in the general sequence information.

> SharedObjectSequence and SharedNumberSequence are very similar distributed data structures. The only difference is the type of content they support. SharedNumberSequence only supports numbers as content, where SharedObjectSequence supports any JSON serializable object. Both DDSes support inserting, removing, and annotating content. Each piece of content -- that is, each number or object -- will occupy a single position in the sequence. The length of the sequence is the count of content items in the sequence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SharedObjectSequence and SharedNumberSequence are very similar distributed data structures. The only difference is the type of content they support. SharedNumberSequence only supports numbers as content, while SharedObjectSequence supports any JSON serializable object. Both DDSes support inserting, removing, and annotating content. Each piece of content -- that is, each number or object -- will occupy a single position in the sequence. The length of the sequence is the count of content items in the sequence.
```
nit

>  An important note is that unlike an array position are not guaranteed remain constant as the positions will increase or decrease as content is added or removed from the sequence. To track or pass a reference to specifice piece of content within the sequence you should find it's segment via `segment = s.getContainingSegment(position)` and then use `pos = s.getPosition(segment)` to get it's current position in the tree.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 An important note is that, unlike an array, positions are not guaranteed remain constant. The positions will increase or decrease as content is added or removed from the sequence. To track or pass a reference to specific piece of content within the sequence you should find its segment via `segment = s.getContainingSegment(position)` and then use `pos = s.getPosition(segment)` to get its current position in the tree.
```

>  An important note is that, unlike an array, positions are not guaranteed remain constant. The positions will increase or decrease as content is added or removed from the sequence. To track or pass a reference to a specific piece of content within the sequence you should find its segment via `segment = s.getContainingSegment(position)` and then use `pos = s.getPosition(segment)` to get its current position in the tree.

Reviewer 2: I do not think about positions as "will increase or decrease".
I think better way to say - position of an element will change as content is added or removed.
"increase or decrease" wording feels like describes a property that I can change (i.e. it sort of implies there is "shift down" and "shift up" operations available to me).
